As expected of the third prince who strategizes
It's you who dies
How can you still be so calm?
Thinking about helping to reverse black and white
This prince is just talking about saving the world
The person who reverses black and white, I think it's you?
Stop arguing.
right and wrong
I will make my own judgment
After all, after many years
Impossible with just one letter
The crime of causing Lord Xing
The following famous names
Your Majesty's fame
Your Majesty
In addition to this letter and physical evidence
There are witnesses
How could there be any witnesses?
Could it be that people teach
You can't imagine it anyway
My father died tragically
No one survived the micro-battle
Who else can serve as a minister for me?
Father Ren Zhengyu arrives
Your Majesty
Caomin Wang Dahai was originally a Qing soldier under the command of the King of Zhenbei
See your majesty